there you are now getting one more
freedom that program that is
made for you to me for the
truth for all of us go there
today the subject is religion a subject
controversial but not here for freedom
expression not had not passed
many people still get burned for a
right side he who is a practitioner who is
faithful to his religion he is a Christian and everything
great grace of Jesus that follows his
life he is always with us who is
atheist robson this all good people thanks
To God the questions have a question of the
internet user that program marcelo deus
so that each one can follow his
my own path and that's why I chose
follow the path of not mixing with
Atheists ask if you could have defined
they are and a word with this work
most of the atheists
think smarter than the question
Do you think you 're smarter than
obsact with certainty
certainly because the largest
thinkers plus names from all over the
humanity is mateus
look there for example the great father
nilton was christian and milton question
I believe in the most beautiful art and science
This discussion is asking God for help.
You certainly do not love it the way you do.
I wanted
instead of war or if it gives to you
an answering Bible passage
perfectly that question about them
great vengeance with furious and know
that I am you when I have
revenge on the war of the
crusades and never killed anyone can be
compared to fitur
living and learning let's go out
that the harmony between an atheist
they are going to make the bahia recorder
arrive and play is love lady hood
God forgets forget the differences
religious leaders leaving Jews gave
let sexual option left until your the
that matters between them both do well 3
does it matter what you do to the world
I think when it comes to
deities not as religion have
The one you do by yourself says
google
and if you also like freedom of
favorite expression video and click
liked it